$Id$

APOLOGIES
=========

Version 0.06 breaks backward compatibility in several small but
fundamental ways.  As a result, programs written in earlier versions
will not work correctly.

These changes were not made lightly.  They are the product much
discussion, testing and benchmarking.  I regret needing to make them,
but I believe they have improved version 0.06 and helped shape POE's
future for the better.

Please accept my deepest apologies for breaking your code.


ABOUT POE
=========

POE is an acronym for Perl Object Environment.

POE is a programming framework for event-driven state machines.

POE is a component architecture.

POE is a cooperative multithreading model, written only in Perl.

POE is a high-level, functional interface to select, alarm and IPC.

POE does many things.  The sample programs in the tests directory only
begin to scratch the surface.

Despite all this, POE is actually pretty simple.  It starts with a
basic premise and builds upon it.  Most of the things POE are, are
just different ways of looking at it.


COMPATIBILITY
=============

POE has been tested in-house with Perl 5.004_04, 5.005_53 and 5.005_54
on recent versions of Linux, FreeBSD, and OS/2.  For more detailed
compatibility information, please see
<http://www.connect.net/gbarr/cpan-test/by-dist/POE.html>.

POE's core requires POSIX.  Shipping frozen data requires Storable or
FreezeThaw.  Running as a non-blocking HTTP daemon requires
HTTP::Request and HTTP::Response.  The pre-forked server test requires
fork.

POE will take advantage of Time::HiRes, if it's available, to provide
subsecond resolution for events.

Windows' select() supports sockets but not regular files, so POE is
really handy for client/server work, but it fails for non-blocking
filesystems programming.  And fork() doesn't work.

POE is suspected to work on MacOS.  If someone could confirm or deny
this, it would be greatly appreciated.


AVAILABILITY
============

The latest version of POE is in /authors/id/R/RC/RCAPUTO/ on your
favorite CPAN mirror.  If you don't have a favorite CPAN mirror,
<http://www.cpan.org/authors/id/R/RC/RCAPUTO/> will do.


CREDITS
=======

Thanks to Artur Bergman <artur@vogon-solutions.com> (sky) for many
useful suggestions and contributions.  He has had a hand in the design
and/or implementation of most of POE's improvements.

Thanks to Dave Paris <dparis@fordprefect.w3works.com> (a-mused) for
benchmark results, testing, feedback and suggestions.  Version 0.06
runs much better under high loads thanks to his efforts.


GETTING STARTED
===============

Read the Changes file.  Many things have broken since version 0.05.

To build and test this distribution, type:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make test

Actually, 'make test' doesn't do anything important.  The real tests
exist within the tests directory, and just happen to be examples of
how to use different parts of POE.

Once everything looks, good, it can be installed by typing:

  make install

-- Rocco Caputo / troc@netrus.net / Thank you for reading.
